Mr. Yang
Did you bet PK with the park?
The school newspaper is out
Say you made an appointment with the park
Art Festival PK
Find a beat first, right?
Let's not go
No, the whole school knows that
If I don't go
So embarrassing
But the member, he is the president of the sweeping dormitory, and the dance is a must
Do you have a chance?
No chance of winning
We have to.
If you want the college entrance examination, you have to learn essential skills
Isn't this a waste of time?
Not wasted
Even if you lose
It is also a growth plan
Lao Liang is right
Do you want to help me? No problem.
This is the result of this spa search I got someone to get. Take a look.
How can you learn?
You can't fight anymore
That being the case
We're going to have to break it with both hands, but
There's no need to hurt him like this
As long as you can defeat Xu Ziliang
There is nothing wrong with it.